Today's video is a mark of an amazing history made in Osu!
For 3 years I have been watching OWC! I rooted for team Germany and wished for them to take down the USA who had won for straight 4 years in 2022. Alas, it never came to fruition.

The same year I saw the 2nd team on the podium, South Korea. 
At that point I wasn't totally into South Korea. WhiteCat being the number 1 back then and including the rich history Germany had so far made me strongly root for them.

As time passed I became very interested in Tech maps (NM4 in tournaments) the insane-looking visuals of a tech map were super mesmerizing to me. Being the weak player that I was, back then I didn't even think I could fc 4* maps but I wanted to strongly pass these tech maps.
I remember watching the Leaderboard of DJ Ranker and FlyingTuna's insane top score repeatedly. I never thought someone would ever beat it. (WhiteCat did it but he didn't FC.)

A miracle came into existence. Someone who could actually FC DJ Ranker.
A person who could FC impossible maps. A person who is now one of the most amazing gimmick players in the world and by far the strongest tournament player. Worst HR Player. I do not recall 2022 very well but he did play an important role in the OWC. 

South Korea has always been a powerful team specializing in the aim and reading aspect and their weak point has been mechanics. They started their fight long back in 2014 after they won in 2013 (with obviously no other than  Cookiezi and others).

By 2022 they were a team to be feared and with Worst HR Player's addition, it seemed their goal would be accomplished soon. Forum (Worst HR Player) set several ridiculous scores all of which are on his channel. He gave that extreme edge that SK really needed to stand out.

Yet through all the valiant efforts of Forum, Tuna, Karcher, Amamya, Allegrisimo, Peresia, Restia, Spektre, and such insane pop off from Forum (his FC on Burning star is forever engraved in history) in OWC 2023 they still didn't finish it.

It was fairly obvious that one man could never win OWC. At least not against the USA. 
South Korea went back to square 1 in 2024. Most of the prominent members of SK played several tournaments (corsace, perennial, resurrection cup) and many more. They kept honing their capabilities and one very major sign of an upset was their amazing win in the 3WC with Forum, Allegrisimo, Amamya, FragranceOfPage, Doomsday Fanboy, jeong.

But it's fairly obvious how different 3WC is from OWC. A guy from the overseas OWC team decided to make a flag change. Formely part of the Philipines an extreme veteran Byeok2044. Philipines did a name collab in OWC 2023 with Hyeok as focus. He along with Enri were the forerunners for  PH but due to well-known reasons he came to SK and he didn't just come to freeload in the team but he set amazing scores to make a bigger name for himself. His FC on Altar and overall 2nd score in SK tryouts are some mentions to prove his prowess. 

I remember opening the leaderboard for transhumanist months ago and finding a FragranceOfPage at the top of the leaderboard. How can someone set such a score on such an absurd tech map???
In due time, his tournament performances and several other pp scores established themselves as a versatile player with a critical aim, reading skills, amazing precision, and mechanics mastery. He is the rookie (or so he is called) who added that finishing touch to the SK 2024 roster.

All of this is nice along with the previous veterans onboard for the team again but was this enough?

Well Tuna and forum started taking each other head-on in the osu rankings tackling each other and pushing each other across the leaderboard scores finally landing them with peak 12 and 13 ranks respectively. Tuna went above and beyond to challenge the top players again and Forum established himself as a non deranker (LMAO) 

I feel this was quite important for their DT and overall skill cap in the game and very much for their mental as well. 

SK worked their mechanics and carried a 7-0 streak all the way up to semis following which they won 7-5 against USA in the finals.

Time and again I saw my goats going above and beyond and pushing themselves to the boundary to bring it home. Aim, gimmick, tech, alt, and even mechanics they improved everywhere. 

Today I am proud to have witnessed not one man doing the heavy pulling but a combined effort from everyone to take down the USA who were deemed as undefeatable. 
South Korea is a team of talented people but how far can talent and a single man carry? 
The answer is it is never enough. It comes through everyone and finally through the prayers of us who support them.

I look up  to them and when I feel I cannot get any better in  the game and life in general I remind myself of these guys who NEVER GAVE UP.

At the end, everyone wants an underdog story but nobody wants to find them when they haven't won.